Hello everyone and welcome to the recursion interview Problem number three the Fibonacci sequence.
So in this interview exercise we will begin to get a feel of having to solve a single problem multiple
ways.
All right.
So if you decided to skip the memorization lecture reading material you'll have to go back and read
it in order to fully understand the various ways to solve this problem.
So for this problem what you're going to do is implement a Fibonacci sequence.
In case you're unfamiliar with the Fibonacci sequence you can go ahead and click the link that's provided
for you in the notebook.
It'll take you to the Wikipedia page for the Fibonacci sequence.
All it is it should take the last two numbers to define the next number the sequence.
So one plus one delivers to one plus two delivers three to plus three delivers five etc..
Ok so you can see how this is kind of set up already for you to do some sort of recursion in order to
solve this problem.
You can also use dynamic programming which utilizes memorization that will allow you to store results
then you can also solve this problem literally.
So let's just go over what the function is going actually except for input and total output.
And then we'll discuss each of the different methods of solving it.
So you're French.
Your function is going to except the number N and then return the nth number of the Fibonacci sequence
.
So remember that a Fibonacci sequence like image before shows the series and numbers starts off of the
base case checks to there any equal zero or 1.
If that's the case it would return 1 otherwise it returns something that looks like this.
This sort of recursive sequence.
So hopefully that's a big hand as far as solving it using basic recursion methods.
So your first part of this interview problem will be solve the Fibonacci sequence problem.
So for instance here fill out this function using simple recursion to put in the end that you want and
it will put out the nth number of that sequence.
So the test number in the Fibonacci sequence is 55.
OK then you'll have to use dynamic programming which will implement memoization using that cash to store
results.
You'll need to instantiate cache information.
So I've put that here Fioretti kind of as a set up.
And then you can fill out that function again you'll have to go back and do the homework reading material
in order to fully understand memorization and go through that factorial example in both that notebook
and the Wikipedia article reading from that lecture.
After that I want you to solve this eternally just using simple iteration.
You'll have to use tuple on packing or you should use tuple Impac.
You don't have to.
But it's definitely the better way to go as far as solving this.
And here's an example of it being solved.
So depending on which of these functions you want to test you can test your solution with this cell
.
What you got to do is simply uncomment is the one function you want to test to for instance right now
This will just test the first recursion function.
Something I want to point out is besides uncommon thing you'll have to take into account especially
for the dynamic programming that you may need a nother input as far as cache.
I'll leave it at that.
So I don't kind of drop too many hints but if you're having too much trouble with the normal recursion
function taking just way too long or having the dynamic version not pass any tests go ahead and make
sure that you can compare it to at least some of these first cases here and see if it sticks out the
correct result.
And then after that go ahead and check out the solution notebook.
So don't worry too much.
As far as this particular testing cell because it may fail even if you have the right solution for some
of these more complicated dynamic programming solutions.
Or if you have a normal recursion solution it may just take forever and you shouldn't have to wait for
that.
You should just go and check your solution against the one in the solution notebook.
All right.
So again this is good practice.
A lot of times in an interview situation you'll be asked to solve the same problem in multiple ways
so you can go ahead and do that.
Here was the Fibonacci sequence problem.
All right I'll see you at the next lecture where we're going to walk through the various solutions for
this problem.
All right.
Thanks everyone and best of luck